Add Hugging Face documentation (#1611)
UKPLab/sentence-transformers: docs/hugging_face.md

# Hugging Face 🤗

## The Hugging Face Hub

> In addition to the official [pre-trained models](https://www.sbert.net/docs/pretrained_models.html), you can find over 500 `sentence-transformer` models on the [Hugging Face Hub](http://hf.co/models?library=sentence-transformers&sort=downloads) covering a range of tasks. You can filter to find particular models, such as searching for [`feature-extraction`](https://huggingface.co/models?library=sentence-transformers&pipeline_tag=feature-extraction&sort=downloads) for models for generating embeddings, or [`sentence-similarity`](https://huggingface.co/models?library=sentence-transformers&pipeline_tag=sentence-similarity&sort=downloads) for sentence similarity models.

Reviewer: Maybe let's clarify the wording around feature-extraction and sentence-similarity as the models can really do both tasks.

Author: Good point. I'm not quite sure I understand the feature-extraction and sentence-similarity tags in these models, to be honest. Do they just affect the widget on the model page? I'm confused because even though I don't see a [Sentence Similarity pipeline](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.20.1/en/main_classes/pipelines), or a [Sentence Similarity task for the Inference API](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/detailed_parameters), I'm able to call the inference endpoint for `sentence-transformers/all-mpnet-base-v2` at both `feature-extraction` and `sentence-similarity`.

If the tags are only being used to define the widget, I can remove the content here about filtering.

Reviewer: We should add sentence similarity to https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/detailed_parameters I think :)

Reviewer: Also https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.20.1/en/main_classes/pipelines is transformers, not the community API. See https://www.notion.so/huggingface2/Pipelines-3a38a9c3cdea4b60af0db88ee789d70c

Author: Opened an issue for `api-inference` btw, will do this next week: https://github.com/huggingface/api-inference/issues/1069

passage_embedding = model.encode(['London has 9,787,426 inhabitants at the 2011 census',
                                  'London is known for its finacial district'])

print("Similarity:", util.dot_score(query_embedding, passage_embedding))
```

Here is another example, this time using the [clips/mfaq model](https://huggingface.co/clips/mfaq) for multilingual FAQ retrieval. After embedding the query and the answers, we perform a semantic search to find the most relevant answer. 

```py
from sentence_transformers import SentenceTransformer, util

question = "<Q>How many models can I host on HuggingFace?"
answer_1 = "<A>All plans come with unlimited private models and datasets."
answer_2 = "<A>AutoNLP is an automatic way to train and deploy state-of-the-art NLP models, seamlessly integrated with the Hugging Face ecosystem."
answer_3 = "<A>Based on how much training data and model variants are created, we send you a compute cost and payment link - as low as $10 per job."

model = SentenceTransformer('clips/mfaq')
query_embedding = model.encode(question)
corpus_embeddings = model.encode([answer_1, answer_2, answer_3])

print(util.semantic_search(query_embedding, corpus_embeddings))

> ```

Reviewer: Very cool!

## Sharing your models

You can share your SentenceTransformers models by using the [`save_to_hub` method](https://www.sbert.net/docs/package_reference/SentenceTransformer.html#sentence_transformers.SentenceTransformer.save_to_hub) from a trained model.

```py
from sentence_transformers import SentenceTransformer

# Load or train a model

> model.save_to_hub("my_new_model")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
model.save_to_hub("namespace/my_new_model")
```

Reviewer: Actually `sentence-transformers` retrieves namespace automatically, and if you want to specify it, it's a separate parameter https://github.com/UKPLab/sentence-transformers/blob/f8cc69ef3a610c48e33bbf60469580ac96b4a3b8/sentence_transformers/SentenceTransformer.py#L432

```

> This command creates a [Hugging Face repository](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/repositories) with an automatically generated model card, an inference widget, example code snippets, and more! [Here](https://huggingface.co/osanseviero/my_new_model) is an example.

Reviewer 2: WDYT of adding information of the new argument, `train_datasets`, for adding train datasets to the hub? Also, I propose we use [this model](https://huggingface.co/ITESM/sentece-embeddings-BETO) as an example since it already has "Dataset used to train".

```suggestion
This command creates the "namespace/my_new_model" [Hugging Face repository](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/repositories). The namespace can be an individual account or an organization you have write access to (for example, 'fastai/sentence-transformer'). `save_to_hub` automatically generates a model card, an inference widget, example code snippets, and more. With the argument `train_datasets: Optional[List[str]] = None)` you can automatically add to the Hub's model carl a list of datasets you used to train the model; e.g., model.save_to_hub("namespace/my_new_model", train_datasets=["GEM/wiki_lingua", "code_search_net"]. [Here](https://huggingface.co/ITESM/sentece-embeddings-BETO) is share model example.
```

Author: Good idea! I added it in with some modifications

## Sharing your embeddings

> The Hugging Face Hub can also be used to store and share any embeddings you generate. You can export your embeddings to CSV, ZIP, Pickle, or any other format, and then upload them to the Hub as a [Dataset](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/datasets-adding). Read the ["Getting Started With Embeddings" blog post](https://huggingface.co/blog/getting-started-with-embeddings#2-host-embeddings-for-free-on-the-hugging-face-hub) for more information.

Reviewer: Awesome!
